
	mrtg-ping-probe - A Round Trip Time Probe

			for

	MRTG - The Multi Router Traffic Grapher.


Copyright (c) 1997 Peter W. Osel <pwo@guug.de>.  All rights reserved.


See the file COPYRIGHT in the distribution for the exact terms.

See the file INSTALL for installation instructions.


mrtg-ping-probe is a ping probe for MRTG 2.x.  It is used to monitor
the round trip time to a network device.  MRTG uses its output to
generates graphs visualizing minimum and maximum round trip times.

mrtg-ping-cfg generates mrtg.cfg file entries.  Feel free to further
personalize the created configuration statements.
Also take a look at mrtg.cfg-ping for some additional comments.

mrtg-ping-probe runs on AIX, BSD/OS 2.1, FreeBSD/2.2.1, IRIX/6.2,
Linux, Solaris 1 (aka SunOS 4), Solaris 2 (aka SunOS 5), and HP-UX 9.
We depend on an external ping program, which is located in different
places on different operating systems.  The required arguments differ
also.

If you add support for a new operating system, please send me the
output of the command "uname -a", and a context diff of your changes.
Once we find a ping perl module that reports the min, avg, and max
round trip time, we will change this.


IMPORTANT!  Communicate any problem and suggested patches to me, Peter
W. Osel <pwo@guug.de>, so we can keep this distribution in sync.  If
you have a problem, there will be someone else who had it or will have
it too...

If possible, send me patches such that the patch program will apply
them.  Context diffs are the best, then normal diffs.  Do not send ed
scripts, I have probably changed my copy since the version you got.



I have to thank the following people

Tobias Oetiker <oetiker@ee.ethz.ch> and Dave Rand <dlr@bungi.com>
for writing MRTG in the first place.

Wee-Meng LEE <leewm@sgp.hp.com> for porting mrtg-ping-probe to HPUX 9.x
and writing cfgpingmaker, which I renamed to mrtg-ping-cfg and plan to
rewrite it in perl as soon as I find the time (tm;-)

Simon Amor <simon@foobar.co.uk> for his perl script.  It was a big help
and motivation to get mrtg-ping-probe started.

Fabrizio Pivari <Fabrizio.Pivari@agip.it> for adding AIX support.

Mick Ghazey <mick@lowdown.com> for triggering the port to Linux.
